the ice was sold it because the laser
bore the IOC's then the ice was sold in
and that was it so rude about now
nothing that King Stanley but I just
remember how it used to be the shops I
mean those party he played would
remember a lot the mecca Mors nights the
bike shop class the reefs the only thing
on the sign now is this the I think it's
the funeral place or jinkins well I
think it's the one of the only places
are still original my night was changed
but I think I've come back again now I
might be wrong above think back on and
also the old co-op and also Lenin's
which is in rough road you know where
rough road is yeah well on the corner
they hand us a block of fruit like a
shop there's a chippy mister chippy next
to that is there now that they use have
a little shop opposite which again I
think is another funeral place now that
used to be Lenin's and I used to sell
clothes and thread and all these mean
always young that's another place that
is really that's died are descendants of
the their mom and dad and then it was
this on and then it's got been Andy down
and now it's a different shop altogether
never sell everything you know but in
them dies they sold like you know what
blocks doctor cotton and stuff like this
and close by be close and stuff like
these nights was the was the night was
the back was the was the bike shop it
took your bike in to be repaired he used
to be right on the corner where her
I think it's humans now he was there you
served that corner there as you come
round from there the shop they used to
be the mecca and that was all that was
our shop used to go you know all your
sweets and and whatever and then you
used to come around the corner and y'all
think you had a Bradley's the butcher's
and then you had an opening you could go
through there and you could go down the
stair
into the cellar where they repaired the
bikes I know I remember having a bike in
my dad side really odd and he brought an
old boy did he fall up and I there was a
safety campaign with the with the
burning to make me mad I'll be baits in
there and I'm the photo in the piper
and that was it that was one of them
places you know and I just remember all
the perks ease and Turner's and you know
you're there with the we're two days you
go to it you go to a nub you know yeah
you got to answer nicely I'll be leaving
now a bad day then anybody your name and
used to go in them days to put the money
into a little thing and do stop hanging
on pull of a leave out and this money
used to go off so if somebody in a box
and that would give you a challenge that
would come back down again
yeah that was it that was Elkhart was
that and of course another another big
thing then was